Are you ready for tonight?
Oh, it's not good.
Well, apparently my son should be husband.
I'm ready to make an habits of not to limit things.
I'm sure he's just busy.
Luna.
I'm not your luna yet.
Natalia is fine.
As you wish.
How would you like your hair to suit me?
Well, what's wrong with the ladies right now?
Why don't we try something different?
Yeah.
Dress up.
Just the game out when it's a play.
So I invited five.
Plus, one of my guys from the Midnight Shifters.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Awesome.
Wait, I've never heard you use the word awesome, like, ever.
Sorry, bro.
My mind is all over the place.
Natalia, huh?
Who else?
I don't know.
Kitty.
Lucia.
Emma?
Shut up.
You want to talk about it?
What's there to talk about, man?
I shot my shot.
She said nothing.
I wouldn't sweat it.
I mean, she's probably just trying to make you sweat.
What?
Whoa.